add scene configuration doc (#1765)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/scene/index.md

![scene light off](images/light-off.png)

## Scene Camera Configuration
The![Scene Camera Config](images/scene-camera-config-icon.png) button above the **Scene** panel is used to open the Scene Camera Configuration Panel.

![Scene Camera Config Panel](images/scene-camera-config-panel.png)

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Fov | Set the Fov of camera |
| Far | Set the distance of far clip panel |
| Near | set the distance of near clip panel |
| Color | Set the background color of scene |
| Wheel Speed | Set the move speed of camera when scrolling mouse wheel |
| Wander Speed | Set the move speed of camera in Wander Mode|
| Wander Acceleration | Whether to enable acceleration in Wander Mode. If enable, the camera will moving faster along time, otherwise the camera will move in a constant speed.|

## Scene Configuration
The![Scene Config](images/scene-config.png) button above the **Scene** panel is used to open the Scene Configuration Panel.

![Scene Config Panel](images/scene-config-panel.png)

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |

> | 3DIcons | Whether to enable 3DIcons. If enabled, the image of IconGizmo will show as a 3D billboard, otherwise the image will show in constant size. You can modify the size of icon in the number input field|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3DIcons | Whether to enable 3DIcons. If enabled, the image of IconGizmo will show as a 3D billboard, otherwise, the image will show in constant size. The size of the icon can be modified in the number input field|
```

> | ShowGrid | Whether to show grid in the scene. You can set the color of the grid.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ShowGrid | Whether to show grid in the scene. The color of the grid can be set.|
```
